Messages used in Daily Email. Updated Dec 3rd 2019 ----- Updated Feb 26 2021 ---- Updated June 15 2021
Rise and shine! I hope you have a fantastic day!
You are a super cool person and you are going to ROCK today!
Today is your day to shine! But first- listen to the audio and look at the photo!
I hope you slept well! Get a good hardy breakfast in and go forth and do good!
Remember that dream you had last night? It was CRRRAZZYYY!
Tired? This email will get you up and at them before you know it!
You are WAY cool!
Ready for the day? Ready... Set... GO!
Today is unique- how exciting!
Change the world today!
I believe in you! Do that tough task!
Take time to relax and take care of yourself!
Appreciate nature today!
Do something special today!
You are a winner!
Never give up on your dream... no matter how big!
Today is my special day! Why? Because you are in it!
You are an amazing person with so much talent!
Eat an apple today. it will keep the doctors away!
Enjoy your day!
Give 152.4564% today, or more, we are flexible!
Hope you enjoy your day! Treat yourself to something you love!
YOU are an awesome person with so much personality and you are just so friendly!
Life can be hard but you are tough enough to handle it!
Go out and be a hero!
Today is one of a kind and it is waiting for you, go get started!
Gosh, I wonder what you are up to today!
Never give up! You CAN do it!
Do something today that will make you smile when you think about it tonight!
Rome was not built in a day, and neither was Daily Email!
Do or Do Not, there is no try. But trying is good too!
If there is something you need to do that you have been procrastinating... GO DO IT NOW!
Breath in, you can DO it!
If you do not believe in yourself... who will? I will!
Good luck today!
Thanks for looking at Daily Email Today!
I hope your day is magical!
Read a book today
Learn to Salsa
Drink tropical juice today
Ask a dumb question today. Oh wait! There is no such thing.
Pet a dog today
Embark on a journey
Eat a kumquat
Appreciate where you are at this moment
What have you been up to today?
Quack goes the duck, moo goes the cow, random goes this email.
Do you enjoy Daily Email? Feel free to tell us what it means to you!
If you are in bed, get up!
David Fun Fact of the Day: I used to collect chip bags. I own over 1000
David Fun Fact of the Day: Despite having lived in NC for most of my life... I had never been there in July until 2018 when we visited... it sure is hot in the summer!
David Fun Fact of the Day: I was born 5 years and 6 days after Elina
David Fun Fact of the Day: I used to write a comic series about a mole named Moe
David Fun Fact: When I was in second grade, I won an Amtrak writing contest!
David Fun Fact: I am scared of heights
David Fun Fact: Eating M&Ms makes me go crazy
Enjoy today, it is really special!
Take some time to be with family and friends today!
Smile, it makes everything better!
Do not give up, we all are rooting for you!
Thanks for being a devoted fan!
Keep it real, know what Im saying
Bro, try and find someone to add to Daily Email
Do 15 jumping jacks. Go!
5-6-7-8 who do we appreciate? Daily Email, Daily Email!!
Do you really need that coffee? How about water?
Are you being the best you? Of course!
Try to make today something special that you will remember for all the todays to come!
Smile at a squirrel today!
David Shapiro Fun Fact: My favorite animal are ducks
Can you give us a big smile? .... There you go
Do 20 pushups! Come on! Do not be shy! Next is Burpees!
Make an unexpected positive choice today!
You are a hero to so many people! And, you are a hero to me!
There is a spider on your shoulder! Ha! Got you! You should have seen your face! :)
This day has never been lived before. And you are about to! Woah!
Stop getting distracted! Do your work!
Do you listen to Daily Email but never reply? David would love it if you did!
This Daily Email may be recorded for quality enhancement purposes
I hope you take care of yourself today!
Lets make today a good one!
Did you do something new with your hair???
What is with the frown. Lets turn that upside down!
Is that a cow behind you?
You can do public speaking!!!
You are one neat-o person!
If a frog and a golf club walked into a bar, would you scream?
5 - 6 - 7 - 8 WHO DO WE APPRECIATE? YOU - YOU - YOU!!
Ants are small, bears are large, and you are just right!
If I had to design the perfect Daily Email Listener, they would be your spitting image!
If life gives you lemons, check the return policy
Do not be so focused on counting the sheep that you miss the cow jumping over the moon.
Do you enjoy Daily Email, Tell a friend. They just might enjoy it also!
Did you know David writes these little notes? Many think he gets them online but that just is not the case!
Daily Email ShortCut: To view all Daily Email videos, go to his website and click the videos tab!
Daily Email ShortCut: All episodes of The Darryl Way are posts in Davids Website!
A Joke: A turtle walked into a bar. He was like really hurt, why are you laughing??
Goose bumps, that is kind of creepy. Why wants a goose on you? And not even a goose, one of their bumps. That gives me shivers. That gives me...
That guy at the 7-eleven woke up to get to his job, you can also!
Super heros are just normal people with capes. This is Super Daily Email!
If you are reading this, you are doing something right with your day!
You are an absolutely incredible person and we are all glad to have you as part of the Daily Email Community!
David Fun Fact: I have a massive comic book collection including all of Foxtrot, Big Nate, Calvin and Hobbes
Popcorn. Popcorn is yummy. Pasta. Pasta is good. Leaf Blowers. Leaf Blowers are noisy.  
I am David and you are watching Daily Email - College Edition!
For people that like Daily Email: try..... nope, there is nothing else like this!
You can be anything. Except a windshield wiper. Try it sometime. It is suprising hard!
Have you ever stopped to ask for directions? I've found woodpeckers not to be very helpful with this.
Just a thought to ponder: An adult riding a vehicle with one wheel (unicycle) is considered unusual. Two wheels: perfectly normal. Three wheels (tricylce): odd again. Four wheels: super cool. Eighteen wheeler: smelly.
Can you name a fruit that starts with the letter T?
Wise Advice: Make friends with everyone you can - except bacteria.
Wise Advice: Listen to advice columns.
Wise Advice: Do not roll off the side of the bed while you are sleeping.
Wise Advice: Never ski uphill.
Little Known Fact: People usually eat three meals each day. Do you remember that they are called? The first one starts with a B.
Little Known Fact: The first specie to send an email were the Homo sapiens.
Little Known Fact: If you have to eat a raw worm, ketchup is needed!
Little Known Fact: People are more excited to have a tree house than a tree in their house.
Little Known Fact: Windows are just more compact doors.
I will be your server today. Could I interest you in our world famous chocolate pancakes?? Haha! Just kidding this is not a restaurant, its an email! We cannot offer pancakes BUT, we can offer an update on David's life!
If you are reading this, that probably means you aren't swimming. Please confirm if I am correct in that assumption.
This message was handcrafted by David on Feb 26 2021 right after his data structures class. Why do you care? I'm not sure. But it could be on jeopardy so ya never know!
Go introduce yourself to a Rooster. Or, are you chicken?
Life Tips: Heating a marshmellow in the microwave is fascinating! It becomes HUGE!
Life Tips: If you work booking tickets for people, make loud typing sounds and chew gum.
Life Tips: Don't ask your barber or hair dresser to "Suprise you"
Life Tips: If you need milk or sugar, go door to door asking your neighbors. You'll get some milk and will make a lot of neighbors feel awkward.
Life Tips: Do not expect your stationary bike to move. It does not. It is stationary.
Silly Prank: Next time you are at a restaurant, ask if they serve water as if you think they might not.
David Fun Fact: I pogo in the Rangeley Logging Parade every recent year except 2020, boo hoo!
David Fun Fact: When I was younger, I continually tried to make a copy machine. It was mostly me soaking paper in water and pressing it on another piece.
This message was written on June 15th 2021 as David was preparing for year 2 of Daily Email. Why do you care? I am not sure. But it could be on Trivial Pursuit so ya never know!
Imagine if people never slept. Life would be one looong day. That sounds exhausting! I need to lie down!
Life is like a game with the most confusing rules because they both are too complicated to put in a metaphor.
Imagine you are on a tropical vacation. Its gorgeous out. You are with your family and friends. You are sipping your favorite drink... Now keep imagining. Don't stop... Trust me, it is better than going to work!
Challenge: Do something that seems pointless today. Because now there is a point! To fulfill this challenge! Ha!
David Fun Fact: I went to middle school across the street from cows and a tobacco farm.
David Fun Fact: My favorite color is orange.
Go write to that person you have been meaning to write to. You know who I am referring to....
If you think it, you can believe it. If you believe it, you can achieve it. And if you achieve it - you can thank me.
What is the meaning of life? Answer here!
Spill on Aisle Two. I repeat, spill on Aisle two.
What would your 10 year old self think of who you are today? I am sure they would love you!
Do you call it Ping Pong or Table Tennis? These are important questions!
If you read this, please eat a piece of fruit. You may think I would never know if you did. But, you would be wrong.
La la la la la. That is all for today.
Go outside and sing at the top of your lungs! I dare you!
Oh what a beautiful day! Enjoy!
Little Known Fact: If someone says Thank You, you say you are welcome. If someone says You are welcome, you say that you were about to say Thank You.
